---
layout: post
title:  "Victor, you don't have to come looking so pretty everyday."
author: 
categories: [ Experiences ]
image: assets/images/blog/boy_wings.jpg

---
“I am a guy in my early twenties who was working for a government ministry as an intern last year. I was the only male in my unit. The other employees, including interns, were all females. We were all hired in the same position and had the same job responsibilities, but whenever there would be some physical work involved, I would be asked to do it. Whenever team-work was involved, our supervisor would divide the work such that I was given all the physical work while the others in my team, who were all females, were given the more intellectually stimulating work that was directly related to my field of study. Because of this, my internship experience was not very meaningful as most of the work I did was not directly related to my field of study even though the projects were. I did learn a lot about the organization (and about life in general) but I felt discriminated throughout that summer. When I go to work, I like to wear a dress shirt because that's what makes me comfortable in a professional setting. But my colleagues advised me to not wear formal shirts. They often used to say things like, "Victor, you don't have to come looking so pretty everyday. I mean your clothes might rip because of the nature of the work you do. Wear tshirt and jeans!" I don't think it is right for them to comment on my dress because I never comment on theirs. I don't think that they should get to look pretty and professional and I don't when we are working in the exact same position and have the same title. I don't think it’s right to treat someone unequally and deprive them of intellectually stimulating opportunities because of their gender. I remained silent as i knew my internship would be over in a few months and I feel afraid to raise my voice on an issue like this because I am afraid of being trolled by self proclaimed feminists on social media. Also, I don't want people to point fingers at me and say that I am less of a man just because I don't want to do all the physical work or wear tshirt and Jean's everyday. Men are expected to bear it all and never express discomfort. This made things even harder for me.Today I have found the courage to open up about this"

Illustration credits- [@illustrationsbymakwana](https://www.instagram.com/illustrationsbymakwana/)



